Question-1. Mandatory : Elaborate what your internship or academic projects were?
a. What did the system do?
In the Citi Bank project, I worked on the Deal Express application, where users create deals and add multiple products to each deal. 
These deals progress through sales cycles (SC3 and SC7) for approval, and I focused mainly on the DRA (Deal Risk Approval) process, 
ensuring that deals stop at SC3 and SC7 for the required approvals.
I recently migrated REST APIs, responsible for adding, deleting, and updating approvers, from .NET to Java. 
The project follows a microservices architecture, with services communicating via RestTemplate. One service handles general deal-related tasks, 
while another is focused on the DRA-specific tasks.

b. What other systems have you seen in the wild like that?
This was my first Project in banking domain.

c. How do you approach the development problem?
I will start by understanding the requirements thoroughly. If I encounter any challenges or identify potential impacts on other services,
I’ll bring them up during the scrum call for discussion. Once I have a clear understanding, I will begin coding after proper planning and research. 
I'll break down the problem into manageable parts and start implementing the code for each. After thorough testing, I’ll assign the code to QA. If any bugs are raised, 
I’ll review and reverify the requirements to address them promptly and resolve the issues as soon as possible

d. What were interesting aspects where you copied code from Stack Overflow?
If I come across any errors or exceptions that I don't know, I'll first check Stack Overflow. I'll read through the answers and comments from different people to see if I can find a solution.
I also remember that some errors can be different depending on the tools or configuration being used."

e. What did you learn from some very specific copy paste? Mention explicitly some of them.
Recently, I came across a database issue while learning Docker. I was getting an error related to JDBC metadata, and no one mentioned that it was caused by not having the database image. 
I searched through Stack Overflow and other sites, but I finally found the solution in a YouTube video

Question-3. Write a function to parse any valid json string into a corresponding Object, List, or Map
object. You can use C,C++, Java, Scala, Kotlin, Python, Node. Note that the integer and
floating point should be arbitrary precision.
Yes, written code in main function itself.

Question-4 : 
There is an API that one must call to get data. The trouble is it will not let you cross the
limit of call - say 15 calls per minute. If you cross the limit, the system penalizes you by one
additional minute of penalty where you can not make any call. Here is how the API looks
like: function string call_me(string input).
Propose a solution by which:
1. You would be able to use the API within the safe limit.
Rate Limiting - I will process the first 15 API calls and add 1min for each req call and throw error like limit reached.

2. What happens if you are supposed to call the API 20 times per minute? Is there any way to accomplish this?
If all the calls are necessary to be processed then, i will process first 15 calls first and process the next 5 calls after the same minute by storing them in a queue.

3. If you were the API designer, what would you do to implement this behavior?
Implemented in RateLimiterService component in the same project.




